#### Lab Report 01: Replication of Sternberg Task

The purpose of this first element of the portfolio is begin giving you practical experience in the process of reporting and interpreting results in light of a theoretical framework. Of course, it is a fairly artificial exercise, since I have chosen and programmed the experiment for you, and provided the primary reference: [Sternberg (1966)](https://scholar.google.dk/scholar?hl=en&as_sdt=0%2C5&q=High-speed+scanning+in+human+memory.&btnG=). But the point here is to work with the format, not to do original research. You can see these lab reports as training wheels for doing your own research later on, no matter whether you are doing your own experimental work, or interpreting others' results. Use the [lab report template](https://github.com/ethanweed/ExPsyLing/raw/master/2021/Resources/Experimental%20Report%20Template.doc), and replace the text, table, and figure with your own.

**Introduction:**  Before the lab report is due, you will have learned a bit about working memory in general, seen some models of working memory, and have seen some examples of why it is relevant for understanding the cognitive processes underlying human language. You will also have read Sternberg's original paper describing his task and results, and you will have participated in an experiment at leas partially replicating his original study. In the Introduction, tie these elements together, to introduce the reader to our experiment: what the background for it is, why we did the experiment, and what new information it could contribute.

**Materials and Methods:** Of course, I have set up the experiment for you, so you will need to get much of this information from me. Information on the participants is of course information on yourselves, which we could e.g. collect in class.

**Analysis and Results:** We have not yet covered specific statistical tests, so you do not need to do any for this lab report. However, we will have covered how to calculate descriptive statistics, and how to make figures from our data, so you should report these, taking care to choose statistics that are _relevant_. To figure out which statistics are relevant, ask yourself whether each statistic provides useful information for understanding the results of the experiment. It may be difficult to determine what is useful or not, and that is part of the point of the exercise. The same is true of figures: it is often a good idea to plot your data in many different ways, so that you really understand it, but it is usually not a good idea to include all of your figures in the final report—choose the one or two that best tell the story of your data, in the easiest way for a reader to understand. Often, the process of finding the figure that best illustrates the results will help you understand what the data are actually telling you.

**Discussion:** How do you interpret our results in terms of the themes outlined in the introduction? What ideas have been supported or not supported by our results? What limitations have their been in our study? What reccomendations do you have for future research that could help overcome these limitations? You don't have to have any deep insights: the important thing is to take the assignment seriously, and think about what we can and cannot conclude based on our design and results.

**References:** Remeber to include all references, formatted in APA style.